The automatic popup bread toaster was patented before the bread slicing machine. 1919 and 1928. People sliced their own bread for the toaster for almost a decade before sliced bread was sold.
Meteorites were very important to Egyptians, they created jewelry from meteorites by hammering it into shape making beads and other designs. The jewelry was often buried with loved ones.
After spending 17 years underground, 2013 is the year the Cicada bug is expected to emerge by the billions on the east coast of the United States. Some estimate trillions will arrive.
The worlds largest yacht is 590 feet (approximately 197 yards) long and 94,000 horsepower.
The restaurant ‘White Castle’ is Americas oldest and 1st hamburger chain.
Mystery solved! 9 cases with 12 bottles in each case of 100 year old historic whiskey was found in the walls of a mansion during a renovation with the whiskey bottles still full. The cases were stored in the living room but when later checked discovered 52 bottles appraised at over $102,000 were now empty. DNA from the mouth of the bottles pointed directly to the 62 year old caretaker who has denied the accusations.
A Jet Blue flight was grounded and placed out of service after a woman spots a 4 inch scorpion between her legs. The scorpion reportedly crawled from between her legs to under the seat while the flight continued to it’s destination where it was then placed out of service.
Vaejovis Brysoni is the name given to the latest species of scorpion discovered by biologists. The scorpion was named in part after the individual who originally found the specimen in February 2013 (Robert Bryson Jr.) The scorpion was found in the Santa Catalina mountains of Arizona.
In January of 2013 security officials at O’Hare International airport in Chicago found 18 human heads still covered in skin. In 2010 an Arkansas airport found 60 human heads and pieces of heads. Both were in route to medical facilities but had errors in the paperwork. Weird!
In February 2013 a komodo dragon said to be approximately 2 meters (6 – 6.5 feet) long wondered into an office and attacked two men with it’s razor sharp teeth leaving them injured with stitches and in the hospital.
In 1938, Time Magazine chose Adolf Hitler for man of the year.
Twelve people have walked on the moon.
Other than the Earth, the moon is the only other known natural astrological object ever walked on.
Scientists voiced concern in 2012 about how radiation may be affecting humans after a recent finding of mutant butterflies in Japan with abnormal legs, eyes, wings and other mutations were discovered. The mutations were caused by radiation from the Fukushima nuclear accident which was triggered by a major tsunami in March 2011. The tsunami was a direct effect of an earthquake.
Humans and giraffes both have seven vertebrae bones in the neck. It’s not unusual for a mammal to have 7 vertebra bones in the neck but it’s interesting that the long neck of a full grown giraffe has the same amount.
The active ingredient in most toothpastes is called sodium fluoride. Sodium fluoride can be lethal, young children using regular toothpaste with this ingredient should be monitored. Even swallowing small amounts can cause stomach problems or worse.
Over 3 million people globally every month search for something online with the words interesting facts in it according to the most popular search engine.
There are no land snakes in New Zealand. It’s part of New Zealand’s bio security to keep all snakes out and if a person is aware of a snake, by law it must be reported.
New Zealand is free of heartworm disease and rabies.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter.
Did you know Disneyland does not sell chewing gum? Walt Disney did not want guests inconvenienced by stepping on gum purchased in the park.
Each year Disneyland uses over 5,000 gallons of paint to maintain the clean appearance of the park.
George Washington died on December 14, 1799.
Giraffes can go without water longer than a camel. That’s wild!
The person reading this is intelligent, interesting and unique. Flattery is alright as long as we don’t inhale!
January 30, 1933 was the day the words Hi yo silver! Away! were first heard as the lone ranger debuts on radio channel WXYZ of Detroit.
Many people who read the word yawn or yawning begin to feel the urge to yawn.
The 2nd president of the United States (John Adams) and 3rd president of the United States (Thomas Jefferson) both died within just a few hours apart of each other on the same exact day of July 4th 1826. They are the only two presidents to die on the same day of the same year. It’s true!
When the Titanic departed from port it was documented to have carried approximately 1000 loaves of bread, 86,000 pounds of meat, 40,000 eggs and 36,000 apples to feed the passengers and crew on the 7 day voyage. Now those are some interesting facts!
Dogs can have a fatal reaction to eating chocolate. Chocolate contains a bitter alkaloid called Theobromine also known as Xantheose and that’s the active ingredient that’s bad for the dog. If you’ve read all the interesting facts to this point you’re awesome!
For a butterfly to fly it must have a body temperature of no less than 86 degrees fahrenheit or 30 degrees celsius.
The largest milk producing country by volume in the whole world is India.
It is a fact that the first game of chess has been traced back to have originated in northern India. Like other 1,000+ year old games, it would have been played differently than todays rules. It’s thought that todays rules have been around since sometime in the 1400′s A.D.
In the United States, the Internal Revenue Service has an employees handbook for the collections division unit. Here’s the interesting part, in it are instructions which guide employees on how to collect taxes after a nuclear war. Kinda scary!
If you are severely scared of going to the dentist or having dental work, you may actually have a phobia called odontophobia.
Almonds are members of the rose flower family or rosaceae family. The peach is also a member of the rose family.
The tallest girl in the world ever recorded was 8 feet 2 inches tall and died at the young age of 17.
The average human with a full head of hair contains between 85,000 to 150,000 hairs.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the earths solar system. I should’ve known that one.
Squirrels forget where about 50% of the nuts they’ve hidden are. Useless, Hahaha.
Did you know the first bullet proof vest and windshield wiper blades were both invented by women? Cool!
Cold weather makes fingernails grow faster. Weird!
Only humans cry because of feelings. Awesome!
Mohammad is the most common birth name in the world. There’s only 54 more interesting facts on this page.
It takes about 7 minutes for the average person to fall asleep. If you’ve read all the interesting facts to this point you’re amazing!
You can give change for a dollar in 293 different coin variations. Good luck!
About 1 out of every 2 million people will die by falling out of bed. Be careful, not funny. Most who will die this way are either very young children or elderly people.
The construction on the Parisian Notre Dame Cathedral began in 1015 A.D and it took over 400 years to complete, It was completed in 1439 A.D. It’s a well known historic Roman catholic church in Paris.
If the human stomach doesn’t produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks it will totally digest it’s self. Weird!
75% of the world’s population wash themselves in the shower from the top to the bottom. Head first, feet last people.
There are 31,557,600 seconds in a year. A leap year has 31,622,400 seconds. Amazing!
Approximately one fifth of all the publications from Japan are comic books.
Did you know a slug has not only one nose but four? What a lot of people call a nose on a slug is actually a breathing pore called a pneumostome.
Four out of five people over 100 years old are women. Interesting!
The price of the Titanic cost about $7 million to build and the price of the Titanic movie was about $200 million to make. Unbelievable!
It’s true! There is only one metal that’s in liquid form at room temperature and that’s Mercury.
When water freezes it expands by 10%.
The only animal with four knees is the elephant.
Birth control pills designed for humans will also work for a gorilla. Now that’s Strange!
If you have a deep genuine fear of the number 13, you may have Paraskevidekatriaphobia also called Friggatriskaidekaphobia or Triskaidekaphobia.
A mid-sized car launched today generates only an estimated 5% of the pollution which was generated by a car from fifty years ago. Awesome!
Stopping a supertanker which is fully loaded and travels at a normal speed needs about 20 minutes to stop completely.
A cat’s ear has a total of thirty two muscles.
The average person laughs 15 times per day. Hahaha!
The eye of an ostrich is larger than it’s brain.
A person eats around 60,000 pounds worth of food during his life which is the equivalent of six elephants. Incredible!
Ants can pull about 30 times their own weight and lift about 50 times their own weight.
A lion can mate more than 50 times in one day. Huh!
Did you know,  you cannot fold a 8.5″ x 11″ or smaller piece of paper in half more than 7 times. Try it! The MythBusters guys on the Discovery channel folded a piece of paper more than 7 times but it was a really large sheet of paper.
Oh no, there’s only 29 more interesting facts to go on this page.
More people are killed from donkeys in a year than planes.
Most snowflakes form with 6 tips or branches. Generally, the colder it is when the snowflake is formed the sharper and more defined the tips will be.
Lung cancer was how the cigarette company Marlboro’s first owner died. Hmmm
Snails can sleep for up to 3 years.
You cannot think of an English word to rhyme with the word month because there isn’t one.
If an infant becomes blind soon after they’re born they will still almost always see images in their dreams, but infants born with blindness will most likely never have dreams with images. People who were born blind do still have very emotionally intense dreams which include hearing, smells, feeling and taste. Now that’s an interesting fact about dreams.
It is against the law in the state of Kentucky to marry a man more than 3 times. Old law.
In the state of Kentucky it is against the law to carry an ice cream in your back pocket. Old law.
On December 16th 1811 the mighty Mississippi river began to flow backwards due to a powerful earthquake.
Fires in the forest have been documented to move much faster up hill than down hill.
Did you know that your brain has no pain receptors or pain fibers and the brain it’s self cannot feel? Your brain cannot even feel pain. Although headaches are still not all the way understood, one reason it’s believed you feel headaches is because the skull is surrounded by what’s called meninges or blood vessels which do have pain receptors.
Human brains are estimated to be 70 – 75% h2o.
Approximately 1 out of every 50,000 people who visit this website send us an email about interesting facts. We enjoy reading them and sometimes use them, thank you.
Most people shed between 50 to 100 hairs every day. The question is, where do they go?
With mammals, no animal has a longer pregnancy term than that of the african elephant which is documented at an average of 22 months.
The Frilled Shark (Chlamydoselachus anguineus) may have a gestation period “pregnancy” of up to 3.5 years or around 42 months.
Some sharks lose over 30,000 teeth in a lifetime.
In 2008 the journal of Fish Biology confirmed through DNA testing the 2nd case of a virgin female aquarium shark having a pup. This is known as asexual reproduction or parthenogenesis.
During world war 2 the Oscar award given out by the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences was made of wood because most common metals were very scarce.
Breast fed babies score slightly higher on mental development tests than ones on formula.
People who apply sunscreen to themselves generally apply 50-75% less than the recommended amount according to the Archives of Dermatology.
The color of a hens earlobes will usually determine the color of the egg shell. Farmers know hens with red or darker colored earlobes are most likely to lay brown eggs and hens with lighter colored or white earlobes will usually lay white eggs.
There are 722 miles of subway track in New York city.
Hartsdale New York has a pet cemetery with more than 12,000 pets buried.
Abraham Lincoln died at age 56.
Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12th in the year 1809.
Only one state in the United States contains only one syllable, the state of Maine.
Everyone knows the dog in the movie “Wizard of Oz” as Toto, the dogs actual name given to it by it’s master was Terry.
This concludes the 99th fact on your home page of interesting facts but don’t stop now, read a couple more pages if you can. There’s a lot of cool stuff to learn.
